(doc) Add fix for login with Facebook app on iOS (#310)
thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next: README.md

      ```
   3. After this step, if you run into this `build` issue: `Undefined symbols for architecture x86_64:`, 
   then you need to create a new file `File.swift` on your project folder. After doing this, you will get a prompt from `Xcode` asking if you would like to create a `Bridging Header`. Click accept.

>    4. Add the following code to AppDelegate.m:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. From the facebook-ios-sdk docs steps 1-3, but in Objective-C since they have moved to Swift for their examples - make something like the following code is in AppDelegate.m:
```

      ```objc
      - (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app
                  openURL:(NSURL *)url
                  options:(NSDictionary<UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey,id> *)options
      {
        return [[FBSDKApplicationDelegate sharedInstance]application:app
                                                            openURL:url
                                                            options:options];
      }
      ```

>       Without this code login might not work if Facebook app is installed, see https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next/issues/59#issuecomment-1038149447

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Without this code login might not work if Facebook app is installed, see https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next/issues/59#issuecomment-1038149447 - if you are also using react-native deep-linking you may need have multiple entries in this openURL method, as detailed in the next section
```
